Copyedits for Partner Manager 2.9 (#147)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/Edits/Configuring and Managing Message Flows/manage-message-flows.adoc

|xref:partner-manager-maps[Translation Maps]

| Target at <host>
a| * Select a different target at host message type.
* Select a different target at host endpoint.
a| * xref:partner-manager-create-message-type.adoc[Create and Configure Message Types]
* xref:create-endpoint.adoc[Create and Configure Endpoints]
|===
+
. Verify that any modified sections of the flow show a green checkmark next to them and then click *Deploy* to deploy the updated message flow to Mule.
+
[NOTE]
It can take five minutes or so for your configuration changes to sync with Mule.
+
. To test your modified message flow, see xref:deploy-message-flows.adoc[Deploying and Testing Message Flows].

After you confirm the successful deployment of your message flow, you can track its processed messages from the *Activity* page.

[[modify-outbound-flow]]
== Modify the Settings of an Outbound Message Flow

To modify the settings of an outbound message flow:

. In the navigation menu, select *Message Flows*.
. On the *Message flows* page, select *<Message flow name>*.
. Change any of the following settings:
+
|===
| *Subsection* | *Actions* | *Additional Information*

|Source at <host>

> a| * Select a different source at host endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| * Select a different source at the host endpoint.
```

> * Select a different source at host message type.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
* Select a different source for the host message type.
```

> * Select different Reference IDs to use for outbound routing.

Reviewer: Why init. cap. "reference"?
